Surveys: Update surveys docs (#9731)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/troubleshooting.mdx

posthog.getActiveMatchingSurveys(surveys => console.log(surveys))
```

### I set a survey to be activated based on an event, but it shows up to users who haven't sent that event.

> Check the version of posthog-js in use in your application, If its lower than `v1.143.0`,
> please upgrade your installation of `posthog-js` to the latest to support event based surveys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your `posthog-js` version. If its lower than `v1.143.0`, please upgrade your installation of `posthog-js` to the latest to support event based surveys.
```

> ### I set a survey to be activated based on an Action, but it shows up to users who haven't performed that action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I set a survey to be activated based on an action. Why does it shows up to users who haven't performed that action?
```

> Check the version of posthog-js in use in your application, If its lower than `v1.151.0`,
> please upgrade your installation of `posthog-js` to the latest to support event based surveys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your `posthog-js` version.  If its lower than `v1.151.0`, please upgrade your installation of `posthog-js` to the latest to support action based surveys.
```
